# Portfolio-1
## Life Hack Hunting
### In this project I am creating a lifehacks website using various sources for people living on their own of all ages to make everyday household and working from home life easier while being resourceful.
#### I had to sort through the different sources to make sure these lifehacks were actually useful and not just common sense like many i've come across (ie: use white vinegar to clean and so on).
Many different websites were sampled and some were from tips my own mother gave while cooking. Alot of "lifehacks" just ended up being advertisements for a certain product or products rather than using household tools resourcefully to fix a problem or to simpyfy a process.
The sorting took a little while as many of these pages were filled and cluttered with advertisements and spaceholders to bolster their "lifehack" count.
Due to personal complications the code and front end aspect of the site uses rudimental HTML and CSS code, with only a change in background, font and pictures assigned to each lifehack.
The objective is to have a simple straightforward website that shows the user the information as intended, albeit not as eyecatching as it could be, this is down to personal impediments and extenuating circumstances.
The images were searched according to my needs and i attempted to make them as relevant as possible to the lifehacks. In this endeavor I would say I have succeeded for all of them save one with cooking tip my mother told me about. Instead of finding what i needed there were only images of home remedies that pertained to my search query similarly.
As this is my first deployed front end project and README. file it will definitely be obviously subpar as I have not consulted with my mentor at any stage of this project which has nothing to do with their effectiveness just due to my personal situation I had trouble finding the time to reach out to her to get any proofreading done. I do however believe that the next project will do more than reach the adequate criteria.
I ran into issues with the src img elements and my ordered lists until I fixed the indentations as they were uneven and tags were left opened. After a bit of debugging and rerunning the code finally ran as expected.
As stated before this is a rudimentary website compared to the example shown on the course. But a simple website about lifehacks doesnt have to be as interactive as the LoveRunning Website as the content is there to be read and left instead of interacted with. Also because of the extenuation circumstances stated above I did not have the chance to make it visually stunning but the website serves its purpose well.
